feat(connector): Add support for `execute` procedure in JDBC connectors (#27282)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/oracle.rst

                                                   case-insensitively using lowercase normalization.
================================================== ==================================================================== ===========

Procedures
----------

Use the :doc:`/sql/call` statement to perform data manipulation or administrative tasks. Procedures are available in the ``system`` schema of the catalog.

Execute Procedure
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Underlying datasource may support some operation or sql syntax which is not supported by Presto, either at the parser level or at the connector level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Underlying datasources may support some operation or SQL syntax which is not supported by Presto, either at the parser level or at the connector level.
```

> Trying to run such SQL statement via Presto can result in errors during parsing or analysing. For example, Oracle database supports DELETE statement which is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trying to run such SQL statements in Presto can result in errors during parsing or analysing. For example, Oracle supports the DELETE statement which is not
```

> supported via presto-oracle connector. Running this procedure enables users to do a SQL passthrough to the underlying database and presto just acts as a middle man

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported in the Oracle connector. Running this procedure enables users to do a SQL passthrough to the underlying database and Presto just acts as a middle man
```

for passing the statement.

The following arguments are available:

============= ========== =============== =======================================================================
Argument Name Required   Type            Description
============= ========== =============== =======================================================================

> ``QUERY``     Yes        string          Sql statement to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``QUERY``     Yes        string          SQL statement to run
```

============= ========== =============== =======================================================================

Examples:

* Delete a row from table `employees` where `employee_id = 101`::

>     CALL mysql.system.execute('delete from employees where employee_id = 101')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    CALL oracle.system.execute('delete from employees where employee_id = 101')
```

>     CALL mysql.system.execute(QUERY => 'delete from employees where employee_id = 101')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    CALL oracle.system.execute(QUERY => 'delete from employees where employee_id = 101')
```
